Hi, Sabrina. How are you? First of all, thank you for your email. Thank you for your very kind birthday wishes.

I know it was Nate, whose birthday as well, 50 years old. S**t. He's f*****g old, Captain Longballs, as we like to refer to him as.

And then thank you for your email, and sending me kind of where you're at, where your head's at, some ideas. I've gone through your email, I've gone through the

site, I've taken some notes. And so, one, thank you for taking this on and doing some amazing work. I talked to my friend Omar. He owns a number of businesses out in BC,

and I was talking to him about you, and he's like, "Oh," he's like, "Send me her name," because when they're... He's going to be redoing their

website. He's like, "I'll pass it on to his..." He owns and has, he'll send it on to a COO

or somebody in his business. So one of the things that I find really helpful, and I was like, "Oh, maybe I should share this with Sabrina," is when I approach talks where I work with clients, I ask them about three things, and it's finding the balance

between how much Harvard they want, how much Hollywood they want, and how much heart they want. Right? So listen, some people are like, "Oh, I just want it all to be Hollywood." Great.

I could be funny. I could be energetic, whatever. Some people want it Harvard. They want data, they want stats, they want proof, they want research, they want it all cited, they want graphs, they want numbers. Great, I could do all that stuff as well. And then should share this with Sabrina," is when I approach talks where I work with clients, I ask them about three things, and it's finding the balance
between how much Harvard they want, how much Hollywood they want, and how much heart they want.  Are people connected to it? Are they feeling that? Are they that human connection piece? So that's kind of what I would offer.

And when I look at it, it'd probably be, if I look at ... And let me think with that. If I was thinking like the percentage of it, what

that would be on the website to be like, hey, I want it straight and narrow Harvard. Then there's the 
cinematic fun story of the website. And then there's the heart of the website, people feeling really connected with it. So leave that with me. I'm going to come up with the kind of percent, just so you have a direction for that. I don't think I

have any vertical video of me. No. Because all the stuff I captured was for my speaker reel and getting that stuff done. I could create something. I'm going to be at a conference. I'm actually keynoting it next year, but I'm attending this year.

It's going to be in BC. So depending, I could maybe capture some vertical and some B-roll that you could use. So let me do this.

So B-roll on October 21st. Okay. What else did you... Oh, yeah. So the use of AI, please no. That just, it flies in the face of what I'm all about is human connection, is working through stuff. AI, like very generally, is preventing people from connecting, in real meaningful ways. So I can't have any AI. I think there's enough pictures that we can use, but yeah,

please no AI, especially on my human connection website. If people see that, they're going to be like, "Oh, this is just so misaligned."

The candles and that piece, I would agree with Brent on that. It's a bit too much of that Hollywood. The candles and that piece, I would agree with Brent on that. It's a bit too much of that Hollywood.

And I love how you said if people want to get immersed in that, in the story of the website, that's cool, and if people want to be able to quickly be like, look at it,

let's go get what they need. So, yeah, there's finding that balance, and I would lean more towards having the information there and have it be interesting and intriguing, right?

That's where your magic comes is like, what is the story or what is the uniqueness that we bring to it? But I still need to think about my target audience, which is going to be executives. It's going to be meeting planners. It's going to be HR professionals that are hosting things to be like, this is the

information that I need. And oh, Steven Witt is an interesting character because I like to think I'm an interesting character. My mom tells me the same thing.

So yeah, that candle that's a little too much of the Hollywood piece. And then the question I had for you, and I'm open to this, is on the website, is So yeah, that candle that's a little too much of the Hollywood piece. And then the question I had for you, and I'm open to this, is on the website, is

your vision, because there's a sex life unleashed, part of my private practice. Were you thinking of capturing that in the

consultation part? Because I think that's legit, but I don't know if that's kind of where you were going whereas like, hey, this is the speaking, and then the

consultation is my private practice. Or were you thinking a consultation is like book a meeting with Steven, but I think that would be captured in book Steven consultation is my private practice. Or were you thinking a consultation is like book a meeting with Steven, but I think that would be captured in book Steven

to speak, because that's what the thrust of the entire website is. Why I ask that is I think in the, if I remember correctly, in the candles where

they're going around is, there's couples. There's these kind of intimate moment or somewhere there's these intimate moment with couples. I need to have the website focus on

the business of speaking, not what I do in my private practice. I'm changing my background because you may be like, "Hey, Steven, look at the the business of speaking, not what I do in my private practice. I'm changing my background because you may be like, "Hey, Steven, look at the
background." And when I'm having more speaking meetings or corporate meetings, this is all covered in the back. So yeah, those more intimate things with couples, and again, that was AI-generated.

The focus of the website is for organizations, me coming in, working in a professional capacity, and these people will be in a professional capacity.

So, not to say there can't be two people, but it's got to be more of a business setting. Does that make sense? So, not to say there can't be two people, but it's got to be more of a business setting. Does that make sense?

I did really like in the first iteration of it, what's the through line, and then you move it down, and it has the through line. I like that.

But again, it's that balance between the Harvard, the heart, and the Hollywood, and that piece of getting the information to people and having them be like, "Oh, Steven's an

interesting cat, and he's not like your usual speaker," and have some of that magic and that Hollywood that you're really great at. 
We're at seven minutes. Holy s**t, that's been a long time. Okay, so I'm going to stop this now. Thank you so much for everything.

Let me know if you need anything more from me. If you want to have a one-on-one meeting with me and brainstorm anything. I'm here.

I appreciate all the effort that you're putting into this and exploring and creating something really fantastic. All right. Thank you so much. Okay, bye.
